I am hungry = Im starving
I understand you = I feel you
Let's meet today = Let's catch up today
I have to leave = I gotta run
I don't know = Beats me
I'm listening to you = I'm all ears
I don't have money = I'm broke
I will pay the bill = I got this / It's on me
I make a big mistake = I screwed up
Text or call me later = Hit me up later
I don't understand = I don't get it
Give me more details = Fill me in.
Leave me alone = Get lost!
I'm going to sleep = I'm gonna hit the sack
I slept very well = I slept like a baby
That sounds familiar = That rings a bell.
I'm making every possible effort = I'm pulling out all the stops.
You did that perfectly = You nailed it!
We just don't agree = We don't see eye to eye.
I'm going to the gym = I'm gonna hit the gym.
I'm very tired = I'm beat.
I want to buy this = I wanna get this.
It's easy = It's a piece of cake.
I'm going to the store = I'm heading to the store.
Can I come over tomorrow? = Can I drop by tomorrow
I'm very busy = I'm swamped
Let me know if there is any new update = Keep me posted.
I did not understand what you say = You lost me.

I don't care = I couldn't care less.
That is the way he does things = That's his MO
I am sorry but I disagree = I beg to differ
What's your opinion = What's your take?
I am disappointed = I'm bummed.
Just be calm = Just chill out
I don't like it = I don't care for it
I am going to take a shower = I'm gonna jump in the shower.
I am not interested = I think I will pass
Let's do this another day = I'll take a rain check
What time will you arrive? = What's your ETA?
I forgot = It slipped my mind
That seems like a good idea = Sounds like a plan.
Let's talk about the main topic = Let's cut to the chase.
Just say what you are thinking = Spit it out
Please do not get involved = Please stay out of it
You should try it = Give it a shot
We