#### Main points
1. Calculation
2. Redundancy
3. JPEG DCT
4. JPEG 2000 differences
5. Wavelet transform and filter bank
6. EBCOT

#### Calculation
| 表头 | 表头 |
| ---- | ---- |
| Frame size | 720\*480 pixels |
| Frame rate | 30 frame / sec |
| Bits per pixel | 24 |

Data rate: 30 \* (720 \* 480) \* 24 / 8 = 31,104,000 bytes / sec

#### Redundancy
1. Coding redundancy
2. Spatial and temporal redundancy
3. Irrelevant information

###### Coding redundancy
Unnecessarily assign a long code to a symbol, e.g. fixed-length coding

###### Spatial and temporal redundancy
Due to the spatial correlation between pixels of an image, e.g. A large area of one intensity.

Due to the temporal correlation between pixels of a video, e.g. Between two consecutive frames.

###### Irrelevant information
Information that is ignored by Human Visual System

#### DCT
It is often used for image data compression. By dividing the image into blocks of equal size (generally 8*8), DCT is used to transform them to obtain more concise data. Because there is a large spatial correlation between image pixels, DCT can greatly reduce these correlations, so that the image energy is concentrated in the upper-left area, which is conducive to data compression. The data obtained after transformation is called DCT coefficient. The process is lossless

```matlab
clear;
clc;
img = imread("lena_color_256.tif");

nimg = double(img(1:8,1:8));

A = zeros(8);

for i = 0:7
    for j = 0:7
        if i==0
            a = sqrt(1/8);
        else
            a = sqrt(2/8);
        end
        A(i+1,j+1) = a*cos((j+0.5)*pi*i/8)
    end
end

D = A * nimg * A';
D1 = dct2(nimg);

figure,imshow(D);
```

#### JPEG V.S JPEG 2000
The improvement of JPEG 2000:
1. Lossless and lossy compression
2. Low bit-rate compression
3. Be able to handle large images
4. Single decompression architecture
5. Progressive transmission

JPEG 2000 is able to handle up to 256 channels of information whereas the current JPEG is only able to handle 3 channels.

JPEG 2000 supports in two coding mode, namely, DCT-based and wavelet-based.

#### Wavelet transform and Filter bank

#### EBCOT
